you
Why does Assistant Lin look familiar?
Why does my wife keep staring at you?
I don't know the president either.
Am I too handsome?
Ah, I remember now.
Isn't he the one who was in the hospital that day?
Brain problem
Ah!
My assistant's brain has never been very good
Yan never brings such personal attacks
Mr. Yan
Then why does your assistant know my husband?
That day in the hospital
Thanks to Assistant Ling
Tell us about the collapse of the Hector Group
Otherwise, my husband and I
I still don't know how to escape Mr. He's revenge
OK
Miss Gu is like this
Mr. Qin Shi once helped our president
So, there are also private contacts
When we know
When you were Mr. Qin's wife
We notified Mr. Qin immediately.
It turned out that you notified the dormitory to rescue me
Thank you.
If it weren't for you
I've already been killed by Mr. He, you're welcome
Mr. He relies on us to be world-weary
For so many years
Also robbed the employee's wife
This kind of disgusting can never be done
Mr. Yan, you are really careless and have destroyed the model
I will definitely work hard to repay you.
Go, please!
That Mr. Yan
I've had my fill.
I'm going to work first
And so forth.
World-weary Qinghe Qin Dynasty